DOCU-2803 - AppReg for multi RGs GA (#4808)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/updates.md

## November 2022

### 2022.11.21

**Application Registration support in any runtime group**

> : {{site.konnect_short_name}} now officially supports the [app registration to services in both default and non-default runtime groups](/konnect/dev-portal/applications/enable-app-reg/#support-for-any-runtime-group). Portal developers will be able to register the application to consume services proxied through gateway services in both default and non default runtime groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: {{site.konnect_short_name}} now officially supports [app registration to services in both default and non-default runtime groups](/konnect/dev-portal/applications/enable-app-reg/#support-for-any-runtime-group). Portal developers can register their applications to consume services proxied through gateway services in both default and non-default runtime groups.
```

> Currently, this feature is only available for {{site.base_gateway}} 3.0.0.0 or later.

Author: ```suggestion
:  Currently, this feature is only available for {{site.base_gateway}} 3.0.0.0 or later.
```

Reviewer: (sorry, accidentally edited your edit, but that's my suggestion above)

"Currently" implies that this is going to change. Is that the case?

> :  Currently, this feature is only available for services being proxied through {{site.base_gateway}} 3.0.0.0 or later.

Author: ```suggestion
:  This feature is only available for services being proxied through {{site.base_gateway}} 3.0.0.0 or later.
```
